Added a note about using decimal-object on project level. (#176)
spryker/documentation: 202001.0/5f4778e0-8c57-4959-b3b4-a8c37f477f3b.md

console propel:install
console transfer:generate
```

> 4. Update the code that uses the product availabilities API response to handle the numeric strings. The API response changed in the following way: 

Reviewer: Please mention that this appeared on 4.1.0 release. 
Also please update the composer require above, as the first valid v4 came only at 4.1.

Reviewer: Also we need to mark 4.0.0 as a dead release, nobody should migrate there.

> 4. Update the code that uses the product availabilities API response to handle the numeric strings. The API response changed in the following way: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Update apps and integrations that use product availabilities API. From now on it requires the support of high precision availability quantity in string representation (15 will become '15.0000000000'). The API response changed in the following way: 
```

Reviewer 2: The PR has been merged manually, because of the technical issue.
